Lactation:  Consult by RN request for maternal complaints of bleeding nipples, although RN states that she did not observe any bleeding upon exam.    Mother states that she does not have nipple pain when baby latches, "but then it starts hurting when she starts sliding down on it."    Lactation history:  Mother states she did not breastfeed her first child, who is now 2 years old:  "I didn't even think about it."    Maternal breast exam:  Breasts are medium in size, closely spaced, rounded and symmetrical.  Both nipples have transverse compression bruises/stripes along the tips, but are otherwise nonreddened and intact.    Infant assessment for feeding readiness:  Infant is in a deep sleep on mother's chest.  Mother declined to wake baby for feeding in order to practice improved technique, preferring to wait until baby wakens independently.    Patient teaching:  Discussed bringing baby in closer to the breast (chin on breast, cheeks touching breast) in response to pain at any point in the feeding.  If this slight re-positioning does not resolve the nipple pain, mother was advised to interrupt baby's latch when pain continues by safely releasing baby from the breast in order to avoid further nipple trauma.  Baby can then be relatched, and almost always, babies open wider for a relatch.  Babies frequently end the feed by releasing the latch, while at other times babies slide down on the tip of the nipple, pulling the nipple as they learn how to come off the breast.  Releasing baby's latch was again recommended to the mother in order to protect her nipple integrity.  Mother has the Medela TenderCare lanolin product and was encouraged to use this after nursing, and to otherwise let pain be her guide and relatch baby as needed.    In response to mother's earlier request to her nurse for bottles and/or pump, extensive teaching was provided on the nature of the frequent breastfeeding difficulties displayed by many babies who are learning the oral grasp of two similar but different nipples in the earliest learning period for skill acquisition.    Mother was encouraged to call for assistance as desired, and to call with any questions or concerns.    [**NAME**], RN BSN IBCLC Lactation Consultant   