This note was copied from the chart of BOY/[**NAME**]. LACTATION:  Mom reclining in bed upon entry into room.  Family at bedside but infant not currently in the room at beginning of visit due to medical procedure: circumcision.   Infant also received a frenotomy this am and grandmother in room is a pediatric OT and is comfortable with assessment, reports she can see the diamond release, and is knowledgable of stretching exercises which she reports she was instructed to begin tomorrow.  Mom reports she has been hand expressing every hour as instructed by family friend who is also an outpatient lactation consultant since infant has been unable to latch.  Has tried the nipple shield due to her nipples being flat but infant has been unable to latch.  Mom teary and with c/o hemorrhoid pain after returning from the bathroom. RN evaluating pain and assisting w/ comfort measures and options.    With mom's permission and request, breast exam performed.  Breasts symmetrical.  Left areola w/ edema noted and mom states that nipple always "retracts".  Does not stay everted with compression.  Demo for RPS provided and encouraged to perform before attempting latch, application of shield or pumping till areola exhibits pliability and elasticity.  Edema slightly improved but still present after demo of RPS provided.  Right nipple slightly pink and mom states it is more uncomfortable.  Feels increased pain started with nipple shield use and denied pain with pumping, which she has rarely done.  Right nipple non-prominent and tends to flatten out with compression but areolar tissue is more pliable on this side than the left.  Mom demonstrated her technique for hand expression and she prefers to use a two handed technique utilizing compression by squeezing the breast but she was able to express a few drops with great effort.  Reports her breasts do feel a little sore and almost bruised.  Demo for 2 finger technique using thumb and index finger on edges of areola provided and mom reports more comfort.  Infant returned to the room at this time and mom desired to attempt to latch but infant quickly fell asleep when placed STS with mom and encouraged mom to hold infant, relax and call for observed feeding cues.  Lactation number written on the board.  NOTE:  Mom was teary and crying intermittently throughout entire visit.  Mom apologized on multiple times for crying and comfort given.  Discussed hormones and sleep deprivation effects on moms during the pp period.  Mom appeared stressed and overwhelmed.  Grandmother at bedside attempting to comfort mother after lights dimmed and infant asleep in STS.  Will re-evaluate current feeding plan when mom calls for assistance with feeding cues.  Report given to primary RN.