Assessment: Pt feels breastfeeding has been difficult at times, is concerned with infant weight loss now as 11% below birth weight. She has very little confidence in her ability to latch infant well.  Infant is currently latched and nursing in cradle position on left breast - nipple-only latch noted, chin away from breast, torso facing ceiling.  Pt states her nipples are very sore. Breasts are soft, round, filling.  Nipples are everted, bilateral abrasions c/w ineffective latch.  Pt was taught how to hand express her breasts, and multiple drops of colostrum noted bilaterally. States she was unable to BF her other children for very long, admits she had very little support.  Determined to nurse this infant for at least 6 months. Infant EBF at this time.  Intervention: Assisted pt to reposition and latch infant in clutch hold on left breast with deep asymmetrical latch and rhythmic suck/ audible swallow.  Pt reports much less discomfort with latch, very pleased.  Discussed importance of asymmetrical, chin-led latch, as well as allowing infant to determine feeding times by observing infant for feeding cues.  Instructed to allow infant to finish on one breast, using breast compressions to maximize feeding time before switching to second breast at each feeding.  Reviewed nipple care, typical cluster feeding behavior, infant stomach capacity and expected output for infant. Discouraged use of pacifiers or artificial nipples until breastfeeding is well-established, around 3-4 weeks of age. Encouraged maximizing skin to skin time with infant over the next several days as well.  Pt was able to unlatch/ relatch infant x2 during visit, gaining confidence.  Pt provided with a copy of the [**LOCATION_INSTITUTE**] Breastfeeding book and made aware of resources available to her after discharge.  Pt plans to return to work most likely after 12 weeks. Discussed obtaining a pump and reviewed recommended milk storage guidelines.   Plan: Will continue to support pt's breastfeeding goals. Encouraged her to call for assistance as needed, and left contact information. Pt verbalized understanding.   