 [**DATE**] 1700  Mother Baby Assessment  Chart Screened Yes  Staff met with Patient  Additional Notes in Baby's Chart  MR Number of Additional Notes 2252669  Assessment Adequate resources and preparation for infant's care  Currently Enrolled Medicaid, WIC, Food Stamps  Explored Past History of Substance abuse. Counseling provided. No other interventions at this time  Discussed with Patient Dynamics of post-partum depression & appropriate resources for assistance;Benefits of family planning and safe sex practices;Aspects of parenting and coping strategies;Specific medical condition  Information only re: SIDS, Shaken Baby Syndrome, Back to Sleep, smoking cessation  No further social work interventions planned unless otherwise contacted Yes   Social work met privately with MOB re: history of marijuana use.  MOB reports her primary reason for smoking was to manage pain from endometriosis.  MOB reports she completely discontinued in the beginning of December.  MOB reports she did not smoke around her other child (4y/o) and did not care for him while altered.  Discussed the risks of exposing a newborn to marijuana, including SIDS and potential for DCF involvement.  MOB reports no plans to smoke around her children or care for them while altered.  MOB reports she continues to work with her doctors to find a solution to manage her pain.  MOB reports DCF has never been involved with her children for reasons related to drugs or anything to do with her or FOB's parenting.  MOB reports DCF was involved in November due to an incident that occurred with another family member where her children happened to be present.  Her children were not involved in the matter, but DCF became involved because of the nature of the incident; MOB reports she and FOB were present and were also not involved in incident, but were present at the time.  MOB reports DCF came out, investigated and closed the case.    MOB reports this was a planned and desired pregnancy.  She reports FOB is father to both children.  She reports the have all necessary infant care items in place, and plan to take newborn to CMS for pediatric care.    No further social work interventions indicated at this time unless otherwise notified.              