 [**DATE**] 1600  Mother Baby Assessment  Chart Screened Yes  Staff met with Mother of Baby  Additional Notes in Baby's Chart  MR Number of Additional Notes 02119579  Assessment Adequate resources and preparation for infant's care  Currently Enrolled Medicaid, WIC, Healthy Start  Limited Prenatal Care Explored limited prenatal care;No unresolved barriers to medical care;No impaired bonding or baby care;No inadequate infant care observed  Discussed with Patient Dynamics of post-partum depression & appropriate resources for assistance;Benefits of family planning and safe sex practices;Aspects of parenting and coping strategies  Information only re: SIDS, Back to Sleep, Shaken Baby Syndrome, Post Partum Depression  No further social work interventions planned unless otherwise contacted Yes    Social work met with MOB re: a review of PNC records indicate limited care (no appointments between 22-40 weeks).  MOB gave permission for FOB (Sha-heen White) to remain at bedside. MOB stated the reason in limited care was due to scheduling and transportation issues. MOB stated transportation issues have resolved and the family has access to transportation. MOB denied the use of drugs, alcohol, or tobacco during this pregnancy. Social work provided extensive education regarding the importance of early and consistent pediatric care including contact information for Medicaid transportation services. MOB identified a pediatrician as this is where her other children (12 y/o and 3 y/o) attend are up to date with immunizations. MOB denied any barriers to care.  MOB stated she is residing in a safe and stable home environment with FOB and her two children. FOB stated he is employed part time and the parents arraign childcare between their schedules and assistance with family. MOB stated she is aware of childcare resources available. MOB stated she has all necessary items for the infant. MOB stated this was an unplanned but desired pregnancy. The parents stated they are "happy" about the birth of their newborn. MOB denied a history of DCF involvement. MOB denied a history of depression including post partum depression. Social work provided education regarding signs, symptoms, and resources for post partum depression including Healthy Start counseling services.   No further social work interventions indicated unless otherwise notified. 