Lactation support and assistance: The pt was talking on the phone and busily working on cleaning her bedside table and bed linens when I arrived. The baby was crying loudly in the crib. I inquired about holding the baby which she verbally OK'd as she continued talking on the phone. The pt requested that I give the baby the remainder of the formula in the bottle, about 5 ml's. I found the baby to be extremely jittery and difficult to console. I place a gloved finger in her mouth and found that she had difficulty latching and sucking on my finger as well as on the nipple of the bottle. I changed her wet diaper and swaddled her and she became calm and returned to sleep. The pt requested that I return later. When I returned about 30 minutes later the pt was ending her phone call and returned to her bed for my assistance. The baby was placed STS on the mothers left breast. Massage and hand expression were performed with colostrum was expressed from both breasts in large droplets. I encouraged her to pump after breast feeding and to supplement with her breast milk. I educated her about the benefits of  breast massage and hand expression. I encouraged frequent STS . Feeding cues and feeding on demand at least 8-10 times/24hours reinforced. Encouraged mother to pump after each breastfeeding.  Breastfeeding book provided and reviewed. I reviewed the details of a nutritive latch, baby's daily feeding log, and outpatient resources.  Questioned regarding pain or discomfort during and after breastfeeding or pumping session. Flange size 24 mm checked. Cleaning details reviewed and supplies checked. Preemie setting initiated and reviewed. Congratulated on birth and encouraged patient to call for any questions or concerns. I encouraged her to call for assistance when the baby is ready to nurse again as she fell asleep during this attempt and did not nurse. I informed the Pediatricians about the baby's difficulty in latching and sucking. I informed the SW about the mothers behavior when the baby was crying and unattended in the room. Continue to offer support and assistance as needed. [**NAME**] RN, CLC, BSN 