 [**DATE**] 1300  Mother Baby Assessment  Chart Screened Yes  Staff met with Patient  Additional Notes in Baby's Chart  MR Number of Additional Notes 01925668  Assessment Available suport and assistance as needed  Currently Enrolled Medicaid, WIC, Food Stamps  Explored Past History of Domestic violence; counseling provided, no other interventions at this time  Discussed with Patient Dynamics of post-partum depression & appropriate resources for assistance;Benefits of family planning and safe sex practices;Aspects of parenting and coping strategies  Information only re: SIDS, Shaken Baby Syndrome  No further social work interventions planned unless otherwise contacted Yes    Please see previous social work services progress notes during this pregnancy for continuity.  This social worker met MOB during a prior admission.   MOB with history of domestic violence (DV) with FOB (Thomas), however they no longer reside together.  She reports currently residing in a safe and stable home environment with her mother and sister who are involved and supportive.  MOB reports FOB was present at delivery and is expected to be present prior to this discharge.  She reports feeling safe in the hospital setting and is aware to call out for assistance if needed.  MOB appeared to minimize her risk or infant risk having FOB present for a visit.  She reports she has not seen him since April, which was the last incident of a string of DV assaults.  A review of medical records reveals MOB disclosed to social work she previously lost custody of her older child due to exposing him to DV.  MOB reports she does not plan to have FOB involved in newborn's life, but then stated that if he was involved it would be only with her supervision.  MOB reports FOB lives far away from her home, and feels he does not pose a threat.  MOB reports no plans for FOB to sign birth certificate, as it would grant him legal rights to newborn.  MOB reports feeling safe at home with her family, who are aware of her history with FOB and do not approve of his involvement.          