Assessment: Pt feels breastfeeding is going much better this morning.  Pt has been pumping and feeding EBM/ using nipple shield to latch infant to breast due to her flat nipples.  Infant is currently awake with RN assessment.  Breasts are pendulous, with palpable lumps dur to breast filling - pt states they are tender.  Nipples are slightly everted, appear intact, and gather easily.  Pt is aware of how to hand express her breasts, and colostrum noted bilaterally.   Intervention: With pt's permission assisted pt to place infant skin to skin and latch infant in clutch hold on bare left breast with average latch and sleepy suck - infant back to sleep.  Pt reports her nipples are very sore with latch. Infant back to sleep without feeding cues - placed infant skin to skin.   Pt states she anticipates discharge home today.  We discussed proper use of nipple shield and continued pumping for additional stimulation. Encouraged her to call at next feeding for assistance with latching - stated understanding.  Discussed importance of asymmetrical, chin-led latch, as well as allowing infant to determine feeding times by observing infant for feeding cues.  Instructed to allow infant to finish on one breast, using breast compressions to maximize feeding time before switching to second breast at each feeding.  Reviewed nipple care, typical cluster feeding behavior, infant stomach capacity and expected output for infant.  Also discussed managing possible milk oversupply during milk onset. Encouraged maximizing skin to skin time with infant over the next several days as well.  Pt states she has a copy of the [**LOCATION_INSTITUTE**] Breastfeeding book and made aware of resources available to her after discharge.  Discussed obtaining a pump and reviewed recommended milk storage guidelines - plans to rent a pump from Gift Stop. Also invited pt to our breastfeeding support group.   Plan: Will continue to support pt's breastfeeding goals. Encouraged her to call for assistance as needed, and left contact information. Pt verbalized understanding.   