  [**DATE**] 1400  Mother Baby Assessment  Chart Screened Yes  Staff met with Patient  Additional Notes in Baby's Chart  MR Number of Additional Notes 2436706  Assessment Adequate resources and preparation for infant's care  Currently Enrolled Medicaid, WIC, Food Stamps, Healthy Start.  Explored Past History of Substance abuse. Counseling provided. No other interventions at this time;Depression. No follow-up or referral indicated at this time  Discussed with Patient Dynamics of post-partum depression & appropriate resources for assistance;Benefits of family planning and safe sex practices;Aspects of parenting and coping strategies;Specific medical condition  Information only re: SIDS, Shaken Baby Syndrome, Back to Sleep.  No further social work interventions planned unless otherwise contacted Yes    Social work met privately with MOB re: history of substance abuse, current marijuana use, and history of depression.  MOB reports residing in a safe and stable home environment with her children (15y/o, 13y/o, 11y/o) and FOB/spouse.  MOB reports she has been with FOB for 5 years and married for one week today.  She reports he is employed, involved, and supportive.    A review of medical records indicates MOB with a history of purchasing narcotics on the street, including Ultram and hydrocodone.  Records indicate she continually declined substance abuse treatment or intervention and by 12w she had weaned herself off.  MOB confirms this information and reports she also discontinued smoking in February.  It should be noted that MOB submitted to a urine toxicology screen at delivery that revealed positive results for marijuana.  MOB reports she had a "couple of tokes" approximately 3 weeks ago and denies smoking marijuana regularly or in the presence of her children or spouse.  MOB indicated her spouse is not aware of her marijuana use, but reports she plans to tell him, as she is aware he may find out to what exactly newborn has been exposed, as they are married.  MOB reports hesitancy to disclose this information to FOB, but reports feeling safe and denies any history of domestic violence.    MOB reports she has known FOB for 10 years, and that they've been together for the last 5 years.  She reports he is a very loving and supportive partner, but has never struggled with substance abuse issues.  She reports when she was purchasing drugs off the street he was unaware.  She reports he thought she was getting the medication from a doctor because she previously had a prescription.  MOB reports FOB has never smoked marijuana, cigarettes, or drank alcohol.  She reports though he has never had issues with drugs/narcotics, he continues to be very supportive and instrumental in her cessation process.  Educated MOB on risks to newborn if exposed to drugs, including the potential for DCF involvement.  MOB reports no plans to care for newborn or other children if altered and has no plans to resume marijuana or narcotic use.    MOB reports this pregnancy she has participated with in-home counseling service with Healthy Start.  She reports plans to continue post partum.  She also reports having all necessary infant care items in place, including a bassinet, clothes, diapers, and car seat.  She has chosen Family Medicine on Main as the facility to follow newborn care.    A review of medical records indicate MOB with a history of depression this pregnancy.  MOB reports depressive symptoms were related to an unplanned, but desired pregnancy.  She reports she sought services with Healthy Start and the symptoms resolved on their own.  Educated MOB on signs and symptoms of post partum depression, as well as her increased risk.  MOB is aware and reports her plan to maintain support through Healthy Start.    No further social work services indicated at this time unless otherwise notified.                          