Lactation Note: Mom had the baby swaddled in her arms when I entered her room. The baby was awake and showing feeding cues. I offered mom to help her with latching the baby onto the breast, she said that the baby was not hungry because he lets her know when he is hungry when he grabs her breast. I taught her the feeding cues and asked if I could assess(touch) her breast and with her permission I taught her how to do hand expression but she kept making sounds of pain before I could massage her breast. I got a couple of drop from her right breast and nothing from the left nipple. I tried to latch the baby onto the breast and the baby would not latch. Mom became upset and said that her baby was not hungry. I reminded her that it was 10:30 am and the baby last breast fed at 6:00 am. I used the 20 mm nipple shield she had in the room and I cleaned with soap and hot water and she got upset that I cleaned it because she did not want the baby to get soap and she said the nipple shield was sterile. Mom instructed that it is important to clean the nipple shield after every use. I changed the nipple shield size to a 16 mm.I tried to hand express her colostrum to the tip of the nipple shield and she kept c/o that this was not done yesterday and the baby breast fed well. I asked mom to show me how she positions and latches the baby onto the breast. Mom place the baby in a cradle hold with the hands in front of him, his body facing the ceiling as he sucked on the tip of the nipple shied. Mom instructed to face the baby  towards her and she just kept the baby in the incorrect position. I encouraged mom to try the football hold. I helped her and the baby would not stayed latched onto the breast and she thought the baby was not hungry. I helped re- latch the baby onto the breast in a football hold, and I made her aware that the baby was having difficulty with breastfeeding . Mom states that she is worried that he is not eating and that may she should use formula or pump and bottle feed. When the baby was placed facing her; she c/o the baby's clamp hurting her and when I asked her to hold her baby to breast feed she threw her head back on the pillow in frustration, and she said she was tired and the baby was not hungry. I made her aware that I was going to let the doctor know about the breastfeeding issues.I spoke to her  Nurse Ashly and case manager(social worker) I told them that I am concerned about the baby's safety, from what I was able to assess mom does not have the capacity, or the level of intelligence to understand the consequences of not feeding the baby or sleeping with the baby in her arms as already observed. She needs to be supervised as she takes care of her baby. The baby's face had a yellow appearance and slight petechiae noted on his forehead. Md [**NAME**] aware and he agreed that maybe it would be safer for mom to bottle feed. The patient's nurse made me aware that mom is not able to express any milk via pumping. I recommended she get Md Knickerbocker to approve the formula feeding. I strongly suggest the pt gets help with the baby at home. The mom has does have WIC however she needs someone at home.