 [**DATE**] 1700  Mother Baby Assessment  Chart Screened Yes  Staff met with Patient  Additional Notes in Baby's Chart  MR Number of Additional Notes 02221589  Assessment Available suport and assistance as needed  Currently Enrolled WIC, Food Stamps, Healthy Start, Medicaid  Limited Prenatal Care Late entry of prenatal care;Explored limited prenatal care;No unresolved barriers to medical care;No impaired bonding or baby care;No inadequate infant care observed (MOB did not provide explanation for late/inconsistent care)  Discussed with Patient Dynamics of post-partum depression & appropriate resources for assistance;Benefits of family planning and safe sex practices;Aspects of parenting and coping strategies  Information only re: SIDS, Back to Sleep, Shaken Baby Sydnrome  Other Ped Care: CMS  No further social work interventions planned unless otherwise contacted Yes   SW met with MOB to discuss late and inconsistent prenatal care, support systems, needs, family dynamics, and baby safety education.   MOB reported that she started prenatal care at around 16 weeks. She stated that she did not really have a reason for waiting so long to see a doctor. SW also asked MOB about missing appointments from 17-25 weeks and from 25-33 weeks, but MOB stated that she "can't really remember specific appointments." SW asked MOB if she has problems with transportation and she stated no. SW encouraged MOB to begin prenatal care at or before 12 weeks if she chooses to have another baby.   MOB reported that she had support from her sister and stated that she also lives with her sister.  SW asked MOB about her other two children (ages 6 & 4). MOB stated that her children live with MOB's mother. SW asked MOB about this family situation and MOB stated that she didn't have anywhere to live with her children, so they went to live with their grandmother. SW asked MOB if DCF was involved in this placement and MOB stated that she has never had DCF involvement.   MOB reported that she has everything she needs for baby, including clothes, diapers, car seat, and bassinet.  MOB reported that she has no problems with transportation and plans to take baby to CMS for pediatric care.  SW educated MOB about SIDS, Back to Sleep, Shaken Baby Syndrome, and Post-Partum Depression.  SW has no other concerns and has no other interventions planned. 