This note was copied from the chart of GIRL/Savanna Dye. Lactation:  Discharge rounding with 22-year-old mother and her newborn daughter born at 40 weeks 2 days gestation by SVD, weighing 2.235g.  Mother was adequately treated for CZ infection during pregnancy.  Baby had in utero tobacco exposure. Baby is not in mother's room due to a car seat challenge related to the baby's small size.  Mother reports baby is nursing well, and denies any nipple soreness during the feeds.   Mother does plan to work outside the home at some point, although she did not work outside the home with her first child who is now 15 months old.  Parents and their 15-month-old have been residing with the maternal grandparents here in [**LOCATION_CITY**].   Lactation history:  The older sibling was breastfed x 3 months.  Mother cites the difficulty at three months as a time when friends would frequently come by to visit without knocking, and she was uncomfortable nursing around others.  Mother also reports that she stopped breastfeeding suddenly at 3 months, and her breasts soon became "sunken in" for a time.  Maternal breast assessment:  Medium to large breasts are closely spaced and rounded, and the nipples are nonreddened and intact.   Discussion with recommendations:  We discussed the mother's first lactation experience and her sudden termination of breastfeeding, followed by a "sunken-in" appearance of her breasts for a period of time.  Mother was advised that this is referred to as breast involution, and frequently occurs when there is a sudden weaning versus a gradual weaning, though the mother's breasts typically return to their former tone within two to 3 menstrual cycles.   We discussed the expected onset of the mother's second milk, Lactogenesis II [L2], with the recommendation for frequent feeds to quickly address any breast engorgement.  Mother describes her previous lactation experience with breast engorgement as particularly dramatic, but improving within one to 2 days.  Mother was advised that this is the typical experience of most mothers, although a small number of mothers do experience a longer period of breast engorgement prior to its resolution.  Mother was reassured that the swelling with breast engorgement is many extra red blood cells and additional lymph fluid that supports the second milk coming in, but these extra fluids in the breasts are only needed to establish the second milk.  Continuation of the milk supply is based upon frequency of emptying the breasts, which stimulates frequent refill.    Mother is enrolled with WIC, and breastfeeding support was discussed through the WIC program.  Mother was provided with a pump kit as well as demonstration of the Medela Harmony manual pump, the type of pump the mother had used with her first child.  Mother was invited to our new mothers' breastfeeding support group, along with her children.           